wasn't supposed to be like this
a woman named amanda cooper falls ill
with a rare form of cancer her husband
ray cooper is told that a potentially
life-saving drug for amanda was pulled
off the market days before her treatment
was set to begin because of bioprime's
ceo simon keeley paying the manufacturer
to delay the production of the drug
watching simon on a live debate with
congresswoman diana morgan ray calls in
and talks with simon finally threatening
him saying that if he loses his wife
you'll kill him keely doesn't take the
threat seriously and amanda passes away
soon after devastating rey and his
daughter rachel
six months later ray receives a call
from a journalist martin bennett who
tells him that he has evidence of
criminal activities committed by
bioprime
yeah they meet on a subway unknownly
followed by rachel bennett explains that
bioprime has been bribing anyone to keep
their dirty little secret quiet but
before he was able to share more info a
hitman stabs him
[Applause]
ray engages in a fight with the hitman
but was distracted by his daughter as
the train stops at a station the hitman
throws out rachel and stabs ray leaving
them both on the platform to die
24 months later ray has been obsessively
tracking simon's movements he poses as a
waiter and infiltrates bioprime's
charity auction and confronts simon
but he says that he knows nothing and
tells him to go after bioprime's
chairman vinod shah and warned him that
he doesn't know what he is getting into
after a brutal fight that leaves one of
simon's bodyguards shot in the head ray
suffocates simon with a plastic bag
killing him
ray goes back home gets rachel and
leaves before someone comes looking for
them after a long drive they checks in a
motel rachel couldn't process the fact
that her father has killed two people
she contacts the fbi agent sarah meeker
and tries to convince her to look into
bio prime the next morning two
mercenaries break into the motel trying
to kill ray
ray kills them both and plans to go
after shaw and lets rachel help him to
make the trap
ray tries to get answers out of him but
char refuses to talk and is soon killed
by the hitman santos
rachel recognizes that he was the one
who left them both to die back in the
train station ray and rachel meet with
santos in a diner and after santos
admits that he finds himself sympathetic
to ray's cause he reveals that diana
morgan is his real employer he tells
rachel that they will meet again soon
returning to the city ray is ambushed by
the fbi he runs to the roof of a
baseball stadium
[Music]
as meeker tries to talk him down it's
revealed that rey is actually rachel she
saw herself as rey hallucinating this
whole time
her father ray died at the subway
station two years back rachel suffering
from ptsd and a fugue state devoted
herself to finishing his quest for
vengeance
[Music]
she jumps into the river and gets
unconscious
after breaking free and crashing the
vehicle she locates morgan's campaign
office where santos is waiting for her
despite him initially managing to get
the upper hand strangling and drowning
her rachel is able to regain her
strength and stab santos multiple times
[Music]
she confronts morgan and records to her
admitting she was bribed by bioprime for
government contracts and that she
ordered the hit on bennett and ray
after sending the recording to the fbi
rachel obtains a fake passport and
boards a plane to an uncertain future
parents and their children
where do we stop
and they begin